Then you say it's 7 years later
Do you have any evidence to prove it?
How do you want us to prove it?
You said you knew me and Wan Wan in college
Then I ask you
When did Wan Wan and I start dating?
big year
After you finish your speech as an outstanding student representative
Wanwan will apologize to you before
that
When are we getting married?
August 23rd.
Where was the wedding held in Jiang Da's father's small auditorium?
Parents are often absent.
They are all college classmates.
Over the years
He actually remembers these details so clearly
It's really true
What if you still don't believe it?
Just open it yourself
These?
It's all the gifts you've prepared for 7 years.
You once promised Wanwan
Do you want to change him for a bigger diamond ring?
I often want to open a studio
So
You bought his favorite studio
Also, since going abroad at night
You fly to his city on business every year
These tickets are proof
Now you always believe it's 7 years later, right?
And where was he that night?
him